Oh ma'am hello
Mr. Jiang has arranged the bedroom for you.
Take me to the bedroom in the city
It's finally back in my hands
Chen Lin, you can't fight
You seem to be wearing my clothes
Whose house is it?
Whose stuff is in this house now?
You are also a person with children.
I suggest you better accumulate some virtue
Who did I harm?
I also let Guoguo
How about eating steak?
Guoguo, come here
What do you want?
I just want to hand in my job.
You need a knife to eat steak
Don't worry.
I won't treat me like I did in the ghetto
You're the best
If Sister Chen Lin and I have something to talk about
You take the steak over there to eat
Oh, Chen!
Why do you look so scared?
Don't you dare
Chen Ming told me about the dog's custody
Still with me